she and the sport are unstoppable and there she goes
to get a prestigious victory
alcamán del villarreal b donors
sales blow seconds solo to
four points from the leader of Augustinian and already
we have gone ahead on him without
classify hurricane valencia the
own rival the insane to candás sports
the team has launched its goal totti
that sports in outside the dress was a
breeding of prudence
she is about to complete a
sincere return of giga sense to lose or to
get it to increase if you score the
camp d'esports against the hurricane useful
the des reflect is in a season
extraordinary toni seligrat keeps
the steps of the tarra and I bet
pursue will work matte intensity
that he is prepared but with the
things do not come so from eating from outside
the team is the unbeatable links of the
dressed the sensations are a month before
we are very calm and
we are with our feet on the floor we know
that this is very complicated that the day
least thought
the streak is over we will lose and
That's when we have to be strong
we have to be also mentalized of
what's going to happen and what and what do we have
to get ahead because they still remain
the most important matches the first
session of the week is of recovery
for the most intense dynamic headlines
by the subtraction everything and the prudence that
the template reigns, the objective is
each cup a mouth more open fruit of
the extraordinary trajectory and of the
Possible position the classification
we have raised from the first
match since the preseason that the
A way of
of ascending to second division the way
faster is getting the first
square is clear that if that puts us
very complicated we will try to tie the
first four but but the goal
main thing that we established was
rise and the fastest way to
doing it is being first but you have to
we have to see that right now we are
a still considerable distance of
llagostera and the important thing would be to open
much much more gap against the hurricane
in this case I would highlight modern knit
you have to victory from there to
villarreal is going to be a cop
l'équipe authority knew that it could
help from a direct playoff rival
and urbafé and kina way
accompanied by the product hundred of
final followers of the lleida is not going to
fail the sports city of
villarreal was conscious was examined
the severe candidacy for science and
exemplary base attitude at all times
Serious ordered and above all ambitious
You are going to invest vibran d'anada and tornada
sometimes but three the first
strike on the basis of the 30 minutes
mario fuentes sends to alfonso's pile
the series after a long play
data
the villarreal b is enough for us and it would not take long
more in tying with stress gemini
how much coffee and moon 1
local markets have had the
better chances
for you a penalty that the referee is not worth
to the second half of the day and scrapping in
the position of the ball and the Villarreal
against trying to move forward is the
marker they will see and chances but
all seligrat fiscal teams
mitjans anmat to 11 12 to 64 minutes
from those local looking
of the draw visitors expand the
advantage
all go mark but the referee does not
would do in Lleida but present outside
shock
and that of the villarreal remains
in the end victory persecuted mine in a
dual of higher category and in which
the two teams have short and water and I
I think the key is efficiency
visuals to stop ball and do not jump is
it's also fine that villarreal is a
small team that loves what kind
of actions for you if there is no mensencia
of a goal of lateral failure to nosaltres
I think today is to push the ball
What happens is that it was created because
good if in some other of the pse ball
stop that is that sometimes these
teams to winfrey show 'combinative but
the second party very bad with him
They could have been perfectly in
labor cities the party itself is
document the Camp d'Esports against
the hurricane will help the leasing of the
late